What do I do?
I don't need Su Pengfei to teach me how to do it.
Thank you to Princess Su for your sponsorship
Take a look. Take a look.
The Royal Lottery
Strive for luck with small broads
Good luck and make a fortune
His Royal Highness
What are you doing?
His Royal Highness the Prince 3 His Royal Highness the Prince
Get up get up
I'm just a lottery seller
One lottery ticket and one tael of silver.
Lottery tickets have winning information on them
Third prize 5,000 taels of silver 5,000 taels
Is this the second prize?
It is Princess Su
Wear it yourself and your favorite hairpin
Ah, what about the first prize?
Good question, this prize?
It is the ink treasure saved by the emperor
Oh, my God.
A tael of silver
Have the opportunity to acquire this priceless treasure
It's so worth it.
I want to buy it
I vouch for my identity
As long as you win the lottery
100% exchange
Children are not deceived
I'll take one. OK.
What is this?
Wow consolation prize
100 taels of silver wow
Oops, it's true.
It's true, I really hit it.
I'd like to buy 10 more. OK.
Can really redeem the prize?
I'll take them. I'll take 20 of them.
This is royal business
There is a prince guarantee
I want to buy 10.
I want to buy 50.
Buy more and earn more.
Buy a universal prize.
Isn't that a lot of money?